Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I've been waiting 3 years
for this one chance
The only thing to prove
is not my brilliance
but my determination
to regain the losses
Kit, calm down!
Don't call me Kit
answer "Yes Sir"
Yes Sir!
I haven't been a big brother
for a long time
As brothers...
Kit, you are not wrong
We are on different routes
You've picked the right way
This is Chief Inspector Wu
Inspector Chow
Brother Ho
Take a seat!
Thank you, Sir!
We have a case which hopefully
you will consent to take up
Interpol has information that
the headquarters
of an international counterfeit operation
has moved here
It's a matter of face
I want to crack it
before I retire
The few big operators
we've already finished them off
only this suspect is left
The one who taught you everything: Lung
15 years ago
Lung ruled over
all counterfeit operations in SE Asia
We do not rule out he is still in control
Impossible!
He's retired for over 10 years
Are you that sure?
He's not that kind of person
A person can change his appearance
but he can never
get rid of his criminal record
Ho, you were in the business
I want you to be an undercover
and investigate Lung
I won't do it
It's a matter of face
Don't you want to do
something for society?
I'm paying back now
I think I've done my bit for society
Mr. Lung
Daddy, I'm scared
Don't be afraid!
Mr. Lung!
How do you do?
How are you?
Good evening!
Ko!
Brother Lung!
My daughter is very nervous
No need to be
I taught you right
Your mother and I danced like this
20 years ago
from the first step to the last
applause all the way
Sometimes, you have to wait long
for the first applause
If you did your best
someone will appreciate it
This way, please!
No, thank you!
Do you know Mr. Lung?
Yes, what's the matter?
I worship him
You worship him?
I also enjoy watching people dance
like this
I saw him dance 20 years ago
At the time, not many people
could dance like this
so he was quite a sensation
I would really like to meet him
I'll introduce you
Someone wants to meet you
a secret admire
I heard you
it hurts a little too
I'm sorry, I'm Billie
I don't recognize you
It's alright
but I'm sure you're the one
Actually you haven't
changed much 20 years
Stay calm
Dad, my heel has broken off
That's terrible
What shall I do?
Thinking of something
Take your shoes off
- What are you doing?
- Come on!
This judges will feel sorry for you
Go on!
Take a seat!
I can't tell anyone
about the case I'm on
not even you
Don't worry, I'll be alright
You take care
Mr. Wong would like to say hello
Brother Lung!
Good!
Your daughter dances well
No dancer will wear shoes next year
Miss Lung!
My Dad talks too much
Don't talk to him
Uncle!
Billie is here to see you
Really?
Uncle!
Billie
Why don't you two chat a little?
OK
This is for you
to wish you "fast winds"
Wasn't going so well
should be better now with this
I'll put it away for you
Do you like this ship?
Sure. A nice young man too
Billie says he wants
to tour the shipyard
Yes, learn a little about shipyards
I'm glad you're friends with Peggy
As long as she's happy
I'll be grateful to you
We cannot repay the bank
The shipyard could be taken over anytime
How much cash do we have
to payoff the staff?
Not even a third of what's needed
What are you listening to?
You want to?
They say someone has applied for
our winding up
The only way is to give up
your shareholding
and get some cash
to tide us over
Hey!
Are you listening to me?
Yes!
Mr. Lung!
What is it?
I've come to deliver money to you
Brother Lung
I've used all my shares
to act as collateral against
Mr. Wong's bonds
I've done my best towards the company
If you let me have your shares too
I'll withdraw the winding up application
You think what you say is it?
In our time, we had a code of behavior
You respect me and the respect
is doubly returned
Ko might have been confused
and was misled
committing this error
without asking me
You are not worthy of my respect
not my despise
This is the way out
Seems there's nothing more to say
Nobody dare not give me face
Brother!
I haven't seen Kit for a long time
He seems changed
He says he's on a special mission
After he's finished it
we'll change our names and identity
and move somewhere else to live
Did he say what mission he's on?
No, but he's become very strange
He was talking late last night
with a girl Peggy
I'm afraid he'll leave me
Why did you send Kit
as an uncover agent?
Don't you know he'll be in danger?
Kit has his own thinking
no one can stop him
OK, I'll work with you
Take Kit off this case
Let me think about it
Sung Chi Ho, I didn't force you
you volunteered
We all have to be responsible for
subsequent events
When are you leaving me out?
I'll arrange it
Master!
How did you get out?
I escaped
I have nowhere to go
I want to stick with you
Give yourself up
When a man has wronged
walk in with your head high
and walk out with your head high
I've left this business
for over 15 years
I want to go straight
But someone is always after us
I want to be clean
no one believes me
You should have another choice
Brother Wong!
Mr. Chow
Thanks for coming
lmmigrating so soon?
Let's not talk about it
Brother Chung
Mr. Chow
Just help yourself
What a coincidence!
When you are not doing well
Everybody looks at you like an exhibit
So you should look at them the same way
Dad says of all my boyfriends
you're the most considerate
Really?
He loves the boat you gave him
He asked me to thank you
Wait for me
Kit!
Brother Wong!
My name is Billie
Billie!
How come you're here?
I'm doing exactly what you're doing
What have you found out?
And you?
Wong & two gangs
want to get Lung's shipyard
For what purpose
I don't know yet
You get out of this
Let me handle it
You're no fight for them
I've started already
I must finish it
I've done this before
I know what will happen
I used to be too irrational
Maybe after this
I'll understand you better
You're still so stubborn
You all know my problem
There's a note for you
When I drop my cigarette, you shoot!
Brother Lung!
I'm right here
what do you want?
Don't get so mad
I just want your company to pay up
What game are you playing?
You cheat me with such low down tricks
You have no ethics
You shut up
you have no right to speak
You...
Mr. Wong, I'll be responsible Ko's case
The law will settle this
Law? The law is up to me
It's simple
either sign these documents
or take this bullet, up to you
I don't believe
you have the guts to shoot
Don't you believe it?
Neither of us was that clean
Why don't we bet on it?
I'll bet responsible, leave Lung out
Ko, watch what you do
You want to settle, settle with me
Watch it
Move over, let me kill him
What is it?
Somebody's life is at stake
Go in and check it out!
Really?
You started it, I'll play
Put your gun down
You don't care me, Lung!
You think I have no ethics
Ko, listen to me
We can't solve things this way
Brother Lung, let go!
Don't!
Let me kill him
Be careful!
Put the gun down
Ko, don't!
Brother Lung!
Put it down
Kit, take Peggy away from this
Go on!
Dad!
Lung, let's go!
Do you know what you just did?
You killed someone
I just want to know you're innocent
Someone set it up
It's no good
No one believes him
everybody is after him
He has to leave town
Then you'll have to take it up
This is against my principle
Principles can be changed
I do have a way to do
I can put him on a boat tonight
Thank you!
I'm putting you on a boat tonight
Uncle Lung
What about my daughter?
I'll look after Peggy
Rest assured, Uncle Lung
Do you have any friends overseas?
Yes! In New York!
Fine, as long as you have a friend
Why don't you take me home?
Your home is not safe
My girlfriend, Peggy!
My wife, Jackie!
Don't go...
You cheated me
Calm down, go inside
Leave me!
Get in!
Don't like that, sit down!
Leave me!
You sit down here!
OK
I lied, but not to hurt you
I'm with the police
We suspected your father
was trading illegally
That's why I had to get near you
You used me!
Trust me!
It's safer here
You'd better explain
What were you up to?
Tell me!
Thank you!
Go. Don't worry
We should let Peggy meet
up with Lung in USA
And you?
I'll try to join them
They wouldn't trust you
I'll try anyway
Watch Ko, he's real trouble!
You take care too
I will
You really don't know
where your father is?
No!
Have any friends said where he is?
Peggy! Peggy!
Peggy is dead
Many things are memorable
I've put down all the incidents
in your lives
into many stories
Nothing much worth writing about
It's not true
the world
nowadays no longer
has people who are friends like you are
Like Mark
how many are there like him?
Who's he?
Looks just like Mark
He's Ken
Mark's twin brother
He's a real tough cookie
Used to be called King of Diamond Hill
People shook at hearing his name
Then he went straight
and traveled all over
At 15, he landed in USA
and traveled from West to East
Sweated it out to go straight
everybody respected him
Said he had guts
Hello, Four Seas Restaurant
I'm Sung Chin Ho
calling from Hong Kong
Can I speak to Ken
Wait a minute!
Ken will tell you off
for dressing like this
So what!
There's a table, go and sit down
Ken
Table No.10
Hong Kong call
from Sung Chi Ho, taking it?
Tell him I'm busy, hold on
Those two say it's too salty
want to change
I'll change it
take this out first
Keung
I've got a lawyer working on your papers
You can apply for your family soon
Thank you, Ken!
No thank you at all!
So go slow on the salt
in the fried rice
Those customers are really
making a fuss
I will. I was worried about
being caught everyday
so I got heavy handed
I won't anymore
Well, look good?
What is it?
Ken!
Got a cold? Eyes gone blind?
Serves you right
told you Ken would scold you
Just want to imitate Mark, so suave
We're not blind
We just want to go with some boss
You won't take us
Look at you, like circus clowns
Take if off and go have some soup
Good, great
What soup do you think it is today?
This fucking rice stinks!
Hey, where are you going?
Where are you going?
Stay here. Don't go!
Come here, you
Hey, what are you doing?
Let me go!
I want to talk to your
greasy manager, alright?
Come on
Where's your fucking boss?
I'm the boss
what can I do for you, sir?
The fried rice stinks!
Oh! Yeh, no problem
I can change another for you
Keung, bring two more plates of fried rice
More rice?
Go on!
Damn those foreigners
Bobby has a gun
I'm your protection
Oh!
And now you listen to me
You will pay me
a thousand dollars a month
I see!
See up!
I give you nothing
I won't give you, shit!
You don't pay me
and I'll blow up your restaurant
You really mean that?
You mean that?
You want to blow up my restaurant?
You make me so nervous!
I really scare about this
Mamamia!
He wants to blow up my restaurant
Shut up, you!
What about that, my friend
If you feel hungry
you come to my restaurant any time
No problem
What do you think?
Oh yeah, he needs some money
I got a quarter
Take it or leave it
it's up to you
What do you think?
Asshole!
What's matter with you?
You got a big problem?
You don't like my rice?
My rice is good, tastes good
You...
What's wrong with the food?
It is beautiful for me
You want to try some?
No?
For you, rice is nothing
But for us, rice just like
my father and mother
Don't fuck on my family
I am very hurt about it
I feel sorry with my rice
If you have any dignity
Apologize to the rice right now
Fuck your rice, and fuck you too
Shoot him
What are you doing? Stop it!
Drop the gun!
Drop the gun! Drop it!
Open your fucking mouth
and eat the rice
Never!
Eat up you bastard
OK, drop the gun! Drop it!
Are you talking to me?
Yes!
Wait a minute, let the asshole
eat the rice first
No, no, you drop the gun first
No, no, let him eat first
Eat it up, damn you!
You better eat that asshole
he means it
If you don't
I'll blow your head off
Eat up, go on!
Come on!
That's better, much better!
15 years ago you said
if I were in trouble to come looking
Didn't think you'd come looking for me
Brother Lung!
Sam!
It used to seem so easy to kill someone
Yet it seems so difficult
to save someone now
but I believe in one thing
if you are determined to be a good man
you'll make it
You brat
Come wash your hands
A tattoo of over 10 years
cannot be washed away
Some regular parishioners
dare not come in
Hello, Ko!
Oh good, where are you now?
In New York, what's happening?
It will soon become all clear
I am collecting evidence
How about my daughter?
She misses you
I'll arrange for her to see you
Do that as quickly as possible
Give me your address
Don't worry
I'll handle everything
Take care of yourself!
He's in New York
God bless him
He's a dead duck
Let's continue, how much more
counterfeit do you need
$60m, to supply Europe
and South America
How do you intend
to ship the money out
We have our own ships
That's great
I'm confident then
Same price, $38 for 100 notes
I'll be able to see my daughter soon
That's wonderful
told you not to worry
This is for you, tastes good
Sam!
Who are you?
You keep an eye on this guy
he is dangerous
Help!
Stay cool man
Get him ready for an electro-shock
OK, I will
I think that will be the best thing
Uncle Lung!
Uncle Lung, we're home
Dinner time
I'm sure in you entire
stay in the States
You have not had a more sumptuous meal
Here, a sausage, no poison
Chicken leg!
Nail you down
Help yourself!
Diamond 2, got any more 2's
Get him!
A Mr. Sung to see you
I want to see Mr. Ko
Brother Ho?
When did you get out?
Nice of you to visit us
You really give me face
He's the one who shot Big Boss Shing
The whole business knows about it
You speak too highly of me
Let me present, Mr. Ko
Mr. Ko!
What can I do for you?
I used to work with Mr. Lung
He used to look after me well
Now, I've escaped and
want to work with him again
but he's skipped town
It's my bad luck
I just want to make some money
So why come looking for me?
I want to join your organization
You're mistaken
All our business is legitimate
Your background and mine
we both know
If think I'd just turn up
without checking it out
Why do you speak like this?
If there's money to be made
let's all make it
If you're interested
talk to Mr. Ko
If there's a chance to let me join
You can play at whatever you like
That's settled then
Give me some time to consider it
We should all check out our credibility
We speak again
Good
Mrs. Sung
Get to husband to decide on a name
Please come in, Mrs, Cheung!
That's not very careful!
Tough. Where are you from?
Do I have to be from somewhere?
Not even a word of thanks?
You want to talk business?
Talk business. Sure
It doesn't do you any good not to eat
You're not a baby
I won't make you eat
You eat yourself
Take something
Go on!
Whether we are husband
and wife or friends
Brothers or sisters
whatever we are
The worst is that I can't help you
If you think there is not
a single good person left
Who can help you?
Why don't you help yourself!
If you went to be ill
I'll be ill with you
If you want to give up
I'll give up too
If you want to starve
I'll starve with you
This shit!
Come on, baby
Come on, come on
Come on!
So nice, let's eat
Let's eat
Wonderful!
You forgot your case
watch out!
Let's look up Ken
Damn, damn!
Marco, notify everybody
Get everybody here
Fucking guineas
There's nothing for you guys here
Ken!
Your problem is our problem
I'm sorry to have let
this happen to you
You go back!
Kill them all
You shut up!
Give me the gun
give me the gun
Ken!
Be cool man!
Why, Ken?
Cool down!
Let's go
Ken!
Don't follow me
Go home
Let us help you
You've finally thought it out
Yes!
If there's money to be made
open up the doors
I really want to work with you
Do you trust me now?
But, all hearts are different
we must be careful
We must understand one another better
Test our sincerity
How do we do that?
I want you to get rid of someone for me
He could do us great harm
He says he's one of us
Yet I know he's an undercover agent
You kill him for me later
I'm sorry, brother
Oh, it's Billie
You want to make money
just let me know
I've always liked your style
Mr. Ko, your status
is somewhat different now
It's difficult to talk to you
Let's deal
Sure!
Chong!
I know you're an agent
You want to get me?
An agent!
If I were one, I would
have killed you already
I don't need to take this shit
If you don't believe me, do it
Let his wish come true
You want to play
I'll play with you
If you've got the guts
shoot me
Otherwise I'll go to the police
Chong!
Let me do it
Take another shot
or else he won't believe it
Go on!
Get rid of him
Big brother
between the two of us
It's enough that he trusts one
Shoot!
Actually, we haven't
investigated this kid
We just wanted to test you
Welcome to the company
Thank you!
Kit, Kit...
This is your brother
Miss, where is the emergency ward?
Doctor...
Prepare to operate
Get him inside, quick
Get him inside
Please, hurry up, will you
You can't go in, wait outside
How's Kit?
He's wounded
the doctors are working on him
He's ok
Luckily the bullet went through
Please feels relieved
Good luck
What's her name? Name?
You daughter is dead
She's dead
Wake up, will you
Wake up!
Do you want to spend
the rest of your life like this?
Don't torture yourself
Everybody will be so hurt
to see you like this
The Lung of yester years
could face anything
and now, you can't even
walk out the door
Why can't you face reality?
Why?
You might as well be dead
And my sweat over these years
were blown away too
I have no regrets
I need no sympathy
Not like you, waiting to die
looking for pity
I am still in control
If you do not admit defeat
fight back with me
There's no such thing in this world
as "Forced to"
Fuck you!
Get out!
There's only one way out
and you're coming with me
If we don't fight
we'll both die here
If we win
we'll start all over again
I know you can do it, come on!
No, don't, don't make me!
No, don't force me!
No...
Peggy, I'm right here
don't be afraid
Dad's right here
I want to see you
Peggy!
Ken!
Why... Why is it so difficult
to be a good person?
This is after all not our own place
Many try to leave home at all costs
Many want to go home
Some...
Cannot even find
a temporary place to rest
One's home is always better
Will you come back?
Sure, to take some soup
You're prejudiced
keeping so much of Mark's things
Sure. He treated me the best
Just like this overcoat
over 40 bullet holes
it's a reminder for you to behave
So that you won't
come crawling back in one
Lung!
I've been waiting for you to come back
Ho!
Look who's here?
Mark?
It's Ken!
Ken!
I'm sorry, I couldn't protect Peggy
I can only send her flowers everyday
Thank you. It's God's will
Uncle Lung
Kit did his best
It's been hard on you
I don't care now
Why are you looking at me?
You resemble someone
Someone dead?
Your brother?
Don't speak of the dead in a cemetery
I'm Sung Chi Ho's brother Sung Chi Kit
How're you?
Oh! So you're big brother Kit!
Just call me Kit
I'm Ken!
Hi, big brother Ken
Come on, we're both younger brothers
Call me Ken
What happened? Got hit?
In the line of duty
Just admit you got hit
in the line of duty...
You're just like your brother
a real square
You're like Mark too
quick tongue
Kit!
Jackie needs you right now
go home
Why don't we let Kit join us?
Maybe he has more information for us
An extra hand can sure help
Whatever you say?
I can't figure it out
What does Ko want with the shipyard?
I suspect he is using it
as a counterfeit headquarters
Put the blame on Uncle Lung
He needn't kill Lung
just make him go crazy
I'll burn up the shipyard
My life's work
No one can destroy it
If it has to be done
I'll do it myself
The main thing is to get
evidence against them
To clear you
Either we don't get involved
or we do, in a big way
Got any clues?
A New York buyer is in town
He has a deal with Ko
OK
when they arrived the headquarter
we'll catch them at it
Ken!
Thanks, Uncle Lung!
How sweet
Big brother!
For you
I don't like oranges
What is it?
A shooting star
It's only a firefly
In the police, it's unlucky
to see a shooting star
Bullshit, what's the point
if you know you'll die
The first time you saw it
was in a cemetery
The second time we see it together again
Such misfortune
So what? Are you worried?
I'm not worried
I'm very worried
I'm worried that
before this case is over
I'll be dead
Do you have much unfinished business?
You have to act with panache
Softly as I leave you
Softly as I came
Not taking with me
any trace of the clouds
Bullshit!
Who are those people?
Looks like printers
Go back to the shipyard
and get them started
I'll take delivery tomorrow
You go too
It's about time
Let's go!
Here comes the boss
Boss!
Hurry it up
Get a move on
How much do you think we'll make?
Enough to buy a few night clubs
You've got the nerve to steal
Don't!
Don't look about, get to work
Watch them. They know how to slack
Surely the counterfeit headquarters
are at the shipyard
Ko has been running it
Then notify the police
and clear Uncle Lung's name
Right!
It can't be that simple
I feel something is wrong
I saw it myself
don't you believe me?
No!
Ko, this is Lung!
I'm back
Brother Lung, are you ok?
Yes, fine thanks!
Kit, I'd like to talk to you
Leave this case
I don't want you to get hurt
Jackie is in hospital
Really?
She's in room 704
At a time like this
She needs support
Ko Ying Pui
Go!
What have you found?
There's no one here
We've been had
That's terrible
Mr. Ko, we've notified the police
You think I really trusted Sung Chi Ho?
I set a few guys up
and got rid of them
Nice and clean
Let's get going!
Let's go!
The back door
the police are here
We want Lung alive
Hurry, get in!
You go first
Let's go together
You go, look after Uncle Lung!
There's gunfire
What's happened?
Get in!
I really got it
Are you scared?
I'm not scared, I'm very scared
Then drive faster or
I won't make it
Yes, Sir!
Ko's basement is really the headquarters
I finally finished this case
Yet crime goes on
so what if you cracked this one
Someone's bound to. Carry on
Right, just you to handle it
Kit
Stop the car. I have to call
We're nearly at the hospital
There's no time
Room 704 please
Ho, this is Ken
Oh, fine, he's right beside me
Let me talk to Jackie
Wait a minute
Jackie, is it a boy or a girl?
A girl
Oh, a girl, what does she weigh?
6lbs 3ozs, she's really pretty
6lbs 3ozs, no small
Mark and I weighed
less than 6lbs together
Does she look like you or me?
Like me
But her eyes are like yours
She says the baby's real pretty
with eyes like mine
Must be a pretty baby
judging by her father
Bring her over, let me talk to her
Don't be silly, she can't talk yet
She can only cry
Even that, I want to hear it
Hey, why aren't you talking?
Oh, I'm really happy
If you want to see her that much
come quickly
I'm coming
We haven't named her yet
Kit, you haven't thought of a name yet
Sung Ho Yin
(The spirit of righteousness)
Don't ask me about today
No need to know it and no need to ask
Reasonable or not?
How to make a judgment?
Don't want to think
to remember or to know!
Don't ask me about my life
No need to mention the past
With or without love
Don't ask me
Don't want to care
to regret or to understand
Watch out!
Kit...
I'll be with you
to find a better tomorrow
Don't ask me about sad things
No need to say it
don't even mention it
This, that
Just couldn't help it
Nobody knows the inside story
Nobody knows
Uncle Kin. Go home!
I can help
I've prepared a boat for your departure
It's not necessary
Ho, Kit fell from here
He must have taken the wrong medicine
These grenades are really something
Have to watch out this time
No... sorry...
Can't go on
Let those outside take care of it
You want to get away
This is for you
you get $100,000 for each one you kill
Brother
Uncle Kin, what kind of bomb is that?
So powerful!
Still have more powerful one, wanna try?
No
I go and get it for you
Ko!
Are you alright?
Give me a gun!
Ho!
Kin!
Lung!
Ko Ying Pui!
Are you alright?
Let him go!
You're so serious about everything
You think a good man
always has a good ending?
You think a bad man
Are you alright?
I don't need you to save me
Yes. We're not right
We're dying. Can we leave
If you want to go
Go back first, go on
Put the guns down
Inspector Wu
you'd better not retire
There's a lot for you to do yet
We miss you Ken, are you alright?
We're looking after the
Restaurant really well
There are more customers than before
You'll be very pleased
when you come back
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org